You can remove the Program I retest and the 2 optional check boxes in the Contact Us section. 

All new swimmers go through survival program anyways. 

What email will that “send us a message” connect with??

Can it be formatted so that if they choose independence or Brooklyn it goes to kissswimna and if they choose Twinsburg it goes to kiss.swim.twin etc….

Programs>Continuing Education

Program Overview
All packages are sold in 12 lesson packages for $225 ($15 savings). 
Upon completing the Survival Program we have many options to continue your child's swim education. Once a child is water safe their advancement is tailored to your needs. 

Children over 18 months are generally ready to learn movement and how to kick and propel themselves through the water. For families looking to develop these skills and not just looking for water safety then you would just continue lessons and we will seamlessly transition the child into these skills. Learning to kick and move and chase the instructor, kick and swim to the wall instead of gliding. Removing the over-reliance on rolling and floating and further developing breath control comes first. Once a child has really grasped these new abilities in the water we reintroduce the back float as a way to develop distance and lap swimming. Using a Swim-Float-Swim allows the student to develop speed and control while further developing their core control and how to properly kick without putting them into dangerous treading water positions. Learning to kick and swim properly on the back instead of stopping to float with every roll over. Once that skill is mastered we start to develop stroke technique and further refinement.


Swim Like a Fish
Coming 2 days a week or more you will still see growth and steady progress from class to class. Building skills, endurance, and strokes. Toddlers are capable of swimming multiple laps with all major swim strokes!!

1 day a week is still advancement but at a much slower pace over time. For families looking to grow and stay active in the sport. 

Maintenance 
For those looking just to keep a child safe as they grow, doing our Maintenance Program allows for them to keep the skills they have and regress and forget everything they have learned so far!! Coming every few weeks or monthly/seasonally is all that's needed but speak to your instructor to cultivate the program that best suits your needs.



You can remove the Prerequisites for Continuing Education and change it to more bullet points of what we work on next

Emotional control and enjoyment of swimming 

Proper head placement and long leg flutter kicking

Developing speed control and pacing 

Developing the back float as a way of movement through swimming on the back

Front Crawl ( big arms), Breast Stroke (pushes), Back Stroke

Advanced Rhythmic breathing and adult strokes capable swimmers

Block Diving, Diving Board jumping, flip turns and full/multi lap endurance swimming!!


Change Competetion Prep Box title to Swim Team Prep

Adjust Level 1 steps

Kicking/movement
Breathing Refinement
Body position
Core Control
Swim/Float Swim

Level 2 changes
Remove Diving Basics and Turn Techniques
Add Back Float movement


Level 3 changes 
Remove Race Preperation
Add DIving Basics and Turn Techniques