Home Page 
Change 
Our Swimming Programs > Private 1 on 1 Swim Programs
Add on 
We offer two specialized etc... > All new students must do the Survival Program and upon completion can advance into our Continuing Education Program.

Can you adjust the blue square with the pin to something different?

Please swap the Twinsburg Fitness Center emails and phone numbers so the kiss.swim.twin@gmail.com and the 480-326-3997 tiles are listed first.

In the blue bar - Every Second counts in Water Safety
Add on this link for additional information and source citation
https://www.cdc.gov/drowning/about/index.html

About>Locations
Orange Warning bar
Change 
Drowning is the second leading cause of accidental death for children under 5
to 
More children ages 1–4 die from drowning than any other cause of death 

About>Our Instructors
In the first section (Experience and Education) add "our instructors teach an average of 4,000-5,000 lessons a year and this is our full time career. K.I.S.S. Swim teaches around 45,000 swim lessons every year!!!

Remove the pin and All Locations for each instructor
The instructor bio's seem to cut off script and all end with .....

About>The Rules
Move all the rules down in priority. Rule #1 should be
Rule 1. Consistency
All new swimmers enrolled in the Survival Program MUST do a minimum of 2 days a week. 3-5 is recommended for quickest and best results. The more often the child is in the water, the quicker we create a daily routine and they build comfort. 1 week is a long time to a child that only has 50 -100 of them in their whole life!!

Rule 2. 1 Instructor
All new swimmers MUST stick with 1 instructor. Children need routine to be comfortable. For most infants and toddlers we are one of the first new people they will come in contact with and form a relationship. This is difficult in the beginning (stranger/danger). On the other side less substitute teachers yields quicker results as we can pick up every class where we left off.

Swim Attire 
Second sentence, change to 
Potty Trained swimmers just need a bathing suit, while children still using diapers or training are REQUIRED to wear a disposable swim diaper AND a reusable swim diaper underneath their bathing suit to prevent accidents in the water. Your child CAN NOT swim without these. 
Please remove the NO swim diapers ..... and survival skills

Food & Meals
Add in "the best foods are applesauce, bananas, and yogurt smoothies. These digest quickly and don't sit in the stomach. NO BREADS, these are sponges. NO PROTEINS or FRUITS WITH SKINS. These digest very slowly and are a mess to clean up. "

Parent Observation
Remove....Parent observations policies vary by location
Add in "Parents are always welcome to watch lessons. There is seating nearby for every location. Please sit on the chairs or benches. Do not sit poolside, you are a distraction to your young child and they need to focus on the lesson and instructor and not the separation from mom/dad. While it is fantastic to cheer on your child, for young children dealing with new activities and new people their emotional control (if they have any!) is hanging by a thread. The sound of your voice can be a huge distraction and make a child more upset. Parents DO NOT get in the water.