Here are the adjustments for the Q/A section. After we get the rest of the instructors pics loaded I think we are good to go on any changes. 



Q&A 

For Question 1, in the answer please remove the "& adults" at the end and in the first sentence please rewrite to "We teach all ages starting at 6 months"



Change Question 2 to this instead.....


Why are lessons only 10 minutes long?

Children have short attention spans and energy reserves. Our goal is to maximize the amount of information a child can benefit from without over tiring them. Short and focused with small skill sets at a time. Lots of repetition without them checking out. An overtired child will also start to get sloppy in their swim, reinforcing those mistakes. Holding a breath is new for children and takes energy they aren’t used to using.

 

Change Question 4 to this instead.......


What do I need to bring with me for swim class?

Every child needs a towel and bathing suit. We recommend infants and toddlers to have 2 towels. One to lie on after class and rest and the other to dry off with.

Potty Trained swimmers just need a bathing suit, while children still using diapers or potty training are REQUIRED to wear a disposable swim diaper AND a reusable swim diaper underneath their bathing suit to prevent accidents in the water. Your child CAN NOT swim without these. Disposable swim diapers can be found at every major retailer and a reusable swim diaper is best found online. You are looking for elastic legs and waistbands.



Change Question 5 answer....

Adjust (approximately 5-6 weeks) and change to (approximately 8-12 weeks)



Adjust Question 6 answer to include....

Children aren't normally afraid of the water, as can be seen with bath time. More commonly it is a new activity and the unknown.



Change Question 8 to this instead....

Why is my child crying at swimming lessons?

There are many reasons a child will cry and be unhappy at swimming lessons and this is to be expected and the norm. It is their way of communicating discomfort. 

The older the children get the quicker it goes away, and children can start to enjoy themselves and participate but this also ties into the personality of the child.

Separation Anxiety - mom/dad hand over the child but are still in view

Stranger/Danger - we are all brand new people to them

Sensory Issues - going from dry/warm to wet/cold (pools are 80-84 degrees)

Control Issues - they are not in charge of the lesson or getting what they want

Getting their face wet - no child enjoys this

New experiences - children like to be in comfortable and in known surroundings, doing new things break this mold and force them into the unknown and stretch their comfort zone.



Change answer in Question 9.....

Remove " All instructors are ISR certified" and change to "All our instructors go through 125 hours of rigorous training by a K.I.S.S. master instructor"



Change answer in Question 14.....

Parents are always welcome to watch lessons. There is seating nearby for every location. Please sit on the chairs or benches. Do not sit poolside, you are a distraction to your young child and they need to focus on the lesson and instructor and not the separation from mom/dad. While it is fantastic to cheer on your child, for young children dealing with new activities and new people their emotional control (if they have any!) is hanging by a thread. The sound of your voice can be a huge distraction and make a child more upset. Parents DO NOT get in the water for lessons for the same reason.



Change answer in Question 15.....

Remove " Infant Swimming Resource (ISR) method" and change to "Infant Aquatics method"



Change Question 18.....

Question - What are the rules regarding eating before or after lessons?

Answer - Do not feed your child for at least 2 hours before lessons. Swimming on a full stomach can cause discomfort and increase the risk of vomiting in the pool. 

The best foods are applesauce, bananas, and yogurt smoothies. 

These digest quickly and don't sit in the stomach. NO BREADS, these are sponges. NO PROTEINS or FRUITS WITH SKINS. These digest very slowly and are a mess to clean up.

It is advised for young children to not eat for 30 minutes after lessons to avoid upset stomach and overfilling a belly.



Make this Question #3 and bump every other question down

Why must I do multiple days a week?

Children have very limited life experience. A week is a long time to a child with only a few of them in their life. By doing multiple days a week we can use what we did yesterday to improve on tomorrow. Growing each class and spending less time remembering what to do.

 

Make this Question #4 and bump every other question down.

Why do I need to keep 1 instructor for my child?

An infant/toddler is going through a lot of early childhood developmental struggles. Stranger Danger is big and completely normal. By always giving your child a new ‘stranger’ as an instructor it keeps them from building routines and relationships and can slow the expanding growth of their comfort zones. On our end, we know what we did last class with your child, so next lesson we can pick right back up where we left off. Passing a child around to different instructors makes it hard for our teachers to know exactly what your child is good at or struggling with.

 

Change Question 10.....

What if my child is sick or I need to cancel?

Children get sick, it comes with the job. Please cancel any classes you know you won’t make ahead of time. You have complete control over your calendar outside of 24 hours. Our parents are always looking for classes, so the earlier you remove ones you can’t use the quicker someone else may find a usable class. Please be responsible about this and stay proactive so other families can use classes you know you won't be able to use.

If a child gets sick at the last minute as they tend to do, please contact your instructor as soon as possible so they can remove it for you. 

Remember, not showing up for a class will count as a missed lesson and you will be charged.