Keep Logo

Update Kids and Infants Safety & Survival Aquatics header in a modern style
Still want a hyper link bar for shortcuts to our booking calendar and a shortcut link to Pricing page

Top website bar with 
HOME		ABOUT		PROGRAMS		CLIENT PORTAL	CONTACT US

ABOUT
	Locations
	Pricing
	Our Instructors
	The Rules
	Videos
	Q&A

PROGRAMS
Survival Program (Introductory Package) 
Continuing Education (Swim Like a Fish or Maintenance)
This needs to be modified and be 2 side by side page links

CLIENT PORTAL
	Hyperlink to Momence login page

CONTACT US
	List of locations and email addresses/phone numbers

ABOUT PAGES
Locations 
Current site page is good, just need it updated, information can be pulled over, cleaner/modern

Pricing Page
Survival Program (Introductory Package) 
Our introduction 24 lesson package is required for all new swimmers. 
This package is 24x 10-minute lessons for 

Twinsburg - $480
Mayfield - $480
Brooklyn - $500
Independence - $500
	
Continuing Education (Swim Like a Fish or Maintenance)
All packages are sold in 12 lesson packages for $225 ($15 savings)

 We accept cash/check/Venmo/Applepay and Zelle.
Credit cards/Debit Card and ACH payment are also available but client pays transaction fees


Our Instructors 
Take from current site - Remove individual instructors but keep the instructor focus dialogue. Add in the line that all our instructors are adults, NO HIGH SCHOOL OR COLLEGE kids. 

PROFESSIONAL SWIM INSTRUCTORS
KISS Aquatics is comprised of energetic, creative professionals who love being in the water. We are dedicated to teaching your child the survival swimming skills needed to enjoy the water safely.

EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION
Each instructor has over 175 hours of in-water training and education in child development and behavior. Combining our years of experience and educational background with the physics of swimming, we offer safe and comprehensive swimming lessons. All trainers of the Kiss Aquatics program have a teaching style and experience that enables them to determine the most effective way to teach your child to swim.

ULTIMATE GOAL
We take pride in our expertise in working with infants and small children and believe that we are saving lives, one child at a time. We form special relationships with both our students and their parents. Watching your child discover the joy of swimming is truly the most rewarding experience for us all.

The Rules
Parents, you and your children’s safety are your responsibility totally until we take your child out of your hands and into the water in a scheduled training exercise. We do not assume responsibility for you, your children, or visitors that may be with you at the lesson. Children waiting for their lessons or dressing after lessons, as well as any other children brought to the pool.

GREMLIN Rule: No feeding my child 2 hours before lessons unless otherwise allowed by your instructor.
                         infants/toddlers are prone to spitting up/throwing up as they begin swim lessons. A full belly of food acts as a sponge making this a larger possibility of occurrence. Pausing lessons to clear up will come out of your child's lesson time. A full belly can also make your child tired and affect swim performance.

SUBSTITUTE TEACHER Rule: Please keep 1 instructor for each child unless otherwise authorized by your instructor. 
                         infants/toddlers have very narrow comfort zones. Keeping each child with 1 instructor allows a child to build comfort/routine with their instructor. It also allows your child to grow each class as your instructor knows your child and what they are currently working on in class.

MULTIPLE LESSONS PER WEEK:  We teach muscle memory and repetitious learning
infants/toddlers have very short life experience. A week is a long time for them, by swimming 2 or more days a week we can build off yesterday’s class to strengthen tomorrows. 2 is good, 3 or 4 is great and desired if possible

24 HOUR CANCELLATION POLICY: You have up to 24 hours before your child's class to remove and cancel without penalty.
                          Please be responsible for managing your calendar. We have many families involved in our program and we allow our clients to reserve spaces for their children far in advance to help build their child's skills. By removing classes that you can't use as soon as possible it allows other families to use those spots. By agreeing to this condition, you agree that if you cancel a lesson under 24 hours that you may be charged for the missed lesson. 

NO SHOW lessons are charged as a missed class.

Videos
Need to add 3 videos and remove the rest

Q&A 
Why are lessons only 10 minutes long?
Children have short attention spans and energy reserves. Our goal is to maximize the amount of information a child can benefit from without over tiring them. Short and focused with small skill sets at a time. Lots of repetition without them checking out. An over tired child will also start to get sloppy in their swim, reinforcing those mistakes. Holding a breath is new for children and takes energy they aren’t use to using.

Why must I do multiple days a week?
Children have very limited life experience. A week is a long time to a child with only a few of them in their life. By doing multiple days a week we can use what we did yesterday to improve on tomorrow. Growing each class and spending less time remembering what to do.

Why do I need to keep 1 instructor for my child?
An infant/toddler is going through a lot of early childhood developmental struggles. Stranger Danger is big and completely normal. By always giving your child a new ‘stranger’ as an instructor it keeps them from building routines and relationships and can slow the expanding growth of their comfort zones. On our end, we know what we did last class with your child, so next lesson we can pick right back up where we left off. Passing a child around to different instructors makes it hard for our teachers to know exactly what your child is good at or struggling with.

What if my child is sick or I need to cancel?
Children get sick, it comes with the job. Please cancel any classes you know you won’t make ahead of time. You have complete control over your calendar outside of 24 hours. Our parents are always looking for classes, so the earlier you remove ones you can’t use the quicker someone else may find a usable class. 
If a child gets sick at the last minute as they tend to do, please contact your instructor as soon as possible so they can remove it for you. Remember, not showing up for a class will count as a missed lesson and you will be charged.

What type of payments do we accept?
We take cash/check/venmo/zelle/applepay and your instructor at the pool can assist you with these payments. Our booking calendar does allow you to use ACH or Credit/Debit cards, but all transaction fees will be paid for by the client. 

What do I need to bring with me for swim class?
Every child needs a towel and bathing suit. We recommend infants and toddlers to have 2 towels. One to lie on after class and rest and the other to dry off with. 

Why is my child crying at swim?
There are many reasons a child can cry and be unhappy at swimming lessons and is to be expected and the norm. It is their way of communicating discomfort. The older the children get the quicker it goes away, and children can start to enjoy themselves and participate but this also ties into the personality of the child. 
Separation Anxiety - mom/dad hand over the child but are still in view
Stranger/Danger - we are all brand new people to them
Sensory Issues - going from dry/warm to wet/cold (pools are 80-84 degrees)
Control Issues - they are not in charge of the lesson or getting what they want
Getting their face wet - no child enjoys this
New experiences - children like to be in comfortable and in known surroundings, doing new things break this mold and force them into the unknown and stretch their comfort zone.

PROGRAMS 
Survival Page and Continuing Education page, use 2 separate choice blocks that move into each program and their descriptions.

Survival Program (Introductory Package) 
All new swimmers will start with our Survival Package. For infants and toddlers and young children new to water the program will be the same and takes on average 20-30 classes with 24 being our goal. 
	All swimmers start off by getting used to putting their face in the water and building a breath hold. We move from a quick in/out up and build to a 3 second face in the water swim. This takes a few lessons to advance and refine. W also work on learning to reach for the wall and hold on the wall for safety and swimming back towards the instructor. Once a child is comfortable swimming face in the water and holding a breath, we introduce the back float. The back float is the main focus of our program. A floating child can stay safe until help can arrive. This is the most important skill for little ones. After a child is capable of floating, we start to work on transitions, so the child is capable of rolling over and reaching a back float with ease. By creating that forced habit and muscle memory, we can help create a safer swimmer and give the children skills to use in case of an accidental fall into a body of water. Our final test is having a child fall in wearing everyday clothing to best simulate what would occur during an accidental fall.

Continuing Education page 
Maintenance program
Upon completion of the Survival program many children are too young to learn how to swim and move and be able to go directly into our Continuing Education (Swim Like a Fish) program. We recommend not just stopping lessons as these young children are always growing mentally and physically. If they stop practicing at some point, they will forget what they learned. A month is a long time for a 1-year-old that only has 12 of them as a complete life experience!! 
For these children that are under 18 months or so we recommend our Maintenance Program. This program is designed around each child’s needs for retention and is tied to the frequency of lessons. Coming 1 day a week or every other week we will make sure the child can still fall into the pool and successfully find their back float and we may lay the foundation for some of the upcoming skills of learning to swim and move. But we also take time to let the child start to enjoy the water and our time together and to play in the shallow end and explore the pool on a different wavelength.
If you would like to space your classes out more so the child is always water safe, we recommend starting with a few classes 1 day a week, then trying a few classes every other week, then trying every 3 weeks and so on. Each child is different, so we want to just find the frequency where the child is still capable and looking smooth and safe in the water.

Swim Like a Fish 
Upon completion of the Swim-Float-Swim program, your child can learn to "Swim Like A Fish". This program continues to build on the skills learned in the swim-float-swim program.
Children over 18 months can learn movement and begin developing ‘how to swim’ not just be capable of surviving a water accident.

We begin with teaching children how to kick and balance and to chase the instructor. Your child will usually get flippers that act as training wheels to help them develop some speed while they start to use their body differently. After they learn how to kick and move we use a swim/float/swim method to help the child learn how to swim distances further than a single breath hold. Learning to properly swim on their back and keeping their body on top of the water comes next. After gaining these skills we can teach modified arm techniques like breaststroke, front crawl (freestyle) and backstroke. Developing lung endurance, multi-tasking, sequence of steps are all great building blocks for a toddler to develop to use in other aspects of their life!!
Once this becomes easy, we remove flippers and start to develop the child’s ability to these same skills without the training wheels of flippers. This will get your child to become very strong swimmers, develop core strength and a strong endurance.

Beyond this we can teach age-appropriate children how to use true adult strokes, learn how to dive from the wall and diving blocks, how to swim laps in the deep end and in a swim lane and much, much more. 

This program is completely customizable to the parents/child’s needs. You can continue doing classes 2 or more days a week or come less frequently for slower growth over the long run. 1 day a week or lesson, seasonal touch-ups during spring break etc…
Many families stay with us for YEARS as we can take their children all the way up to swim team. We also offer longer 20-minute sessions for children that are capable of longer lessons.


CLIENT PORTAL
This is our link to Momence booking app

CONTACT US
Twinsburg – kiss.swim.twin@gmail.com or kiss.swim@gmail.com
Brooklyn – kissswimna@gmail.com
Independence - kissswimna@gmail.com
Mayfield - kiss.swim@gmail.com



Information from current site(kissaquatics.com)
Calendar
Remove page

Testimonials
Remove page

Adults/Big Kids 
Remove

Bottom of Current Site
Remove home page bottom link to drowning statistics and just add line:
Drowning is the #1 cause of accidental death for children under 4 and the 2nd leading cause for 5-15 year olds. 
80% of child drowning occurs in a residential pool with an adult present.
